# GT3CourseIPICEditor
A tool for editing the course.ipic archive files found inside GT3. All code is generated by ChatGPT, using research on the file format by me.
All the code is in Python, using tkinter.
The course.ipic is an archive file that stores still images from the first frame of the various FMVs. The purpose is that it loads the image from the course.ipic to display before the FMV is loaded fully and ready to play.

Currently the A.I has generated a GUI tool with some working functionality. It opens the filename list, and you can even save the file, which seems to generate one-to-one files with the original. Exporting individual image files works as well, but importing them & changing the order of the files inside needs some work.
Moving files up/down swaps the filename and pointer on the table, but doesn't actually swap around the IPUM hex data at all.
Importing image files seems to cause all sorts of bugginess...

The file structure of the course.ipic is the following:
````
Header
Magic - 4 Bytes (ipua);
File count - 4 Bytes;

File table
Image pointer - 4 Bytes;
Image filename - 28 Bytes;
````
The file table then repeats this for every file inside the archive. After the file table, there's padding (56 bytes on GT3's course.ipic) and then it begins with the image data itself. Each image data begins with a 4-byte magic "ipum". After the magic, there's another 4-byte value seemingly for the datasize of the image file, but it usually doesn't carry until the beginning of the next file. This isn't very useful to know though as the tool doesn't need to know it.
Also included in the files is the original course.ipic from the PAL version of GT3, just for easy access for testing.
